README.md, before:

Leapt Core Bundle
=================

[![Package version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/leapt/core-bundle.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/leapt/core-bundle)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/leapt/core-bundle/Continuous%20Integration/4.x?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Continuous+Integration%22)
[![PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/php-v/leapt/core-bundle.svg?branch=4.x&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/leapt/core-bundle?branch=4.x)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Code coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/leapt/core-bundle?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/leapt/core-bundle/branch/4.x)

Introduction
------------

The bundle aims to help with some repetitive tasks, including (but not limited to):

- Data lists with search
- File and image uploads
- Form types
- Navigation helper
- Paginator
- RSS feed generation
- SEO-related tasks (sitemaps, etc)
- Twig extensions
- Utilities
- Validators: PasswordStrength, Recaptcha, Slug

Installation & usage
--------------------

You can check docs there: https://core-bundle.leapt.dev/

Versions & dependencies
-----------------------

The current version (4.x) of the bundle works with Symfony 5.4 & Symfony 6.0+.
The project follows SemVer.

You can check the [changelog](CHANGELOG-4.x.md) for version 4 and the [upgrade document](UPGRADE-4.x.md) when upgrading
from 3.x bundle version.

| CoreBundle version | Symfony version           | PHP version
| ------------------ | ------------------------- | -----------
| 4.x                | ^5.4 \|\| ^6.0            | ^8.0
| 3.1+               | ^4.4 \|\| ^5.0            | ^7.4 \|\| ^8.0
| 3.0                | ^4.4 \|\| ^5.0            | ^7.2

Contributing
------------

Feel free to contribute, like sending [pull requests](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle/pulls) to add features/tests
or [creating issues](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle/issues) :)

Note there are a few helpers to maintain code quality, that you can run using these commands:

```bash
composer cs:dry # Code style check
composer phpstan # Static analysis
vendor/bin/phpunit # Run tests
```

Docs are built using mkdocs. To launch the docs server locally, run `make docs-start` & open http://127.0.0.1:8000/.

History
-------

This bundle is a maintained fork of the SnowcapCore Bundle: https://github.com/snowcap/SnowcapCoreBundle

Commit message:

Add docs about Sound/Video types, form layouts, and add a thumbnail of form types

README.md, after:

Leapt Core Bundle
=================

[![Package version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/leapt/core-bundle.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/leapt/core-bundle)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/leapt/core-bundle/Continuous%20Integration/4.x?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Continuous+Integration%22)
[![PHP Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/php-v/leapt/core-bundle.svg?branch=4.x&style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/leapt/core-bundle?branch=4.x)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-red.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Code coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/leapt/core-bundle?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/leapt/core-bundle/branch/4.x)

Introduction
------------

The bundle aims to help with some repetitive tasks, including (but not limited to):

- Data lists with search
- File and image uploads
- Form types
- Navigation helper
- Paginator
- RSS feed generation
- SEO-related tasks (sitemaps, etc)
- Twig extensions
- Utilities
- Validators: PasswordStrength, Recaptcha, Slug

![Example of included form types](docs/images/form-types-demo.webp "Example of included form types")  
*Example of included form types*

Installation & usage
--------------------

You can check docs there: https://core-bundle.leapt.dev/

Versions & dependencies
-----------------------

The current version (4.x) of the bundle works with Symfony 5.4 & Symfony 6.0+.
The project follows SemVer.

You can check the [changelog](CHANGELOG-4.x.md) for version 4 and the [upgrade document](UPGRADE-4.x.md) when upgrading
from 3.x bundle version.

| CoreBundle version | Symfony version           | PHP version
| ------------------ | ------------------------- | -----------
| 4.x                | ^5.4 \|\| ^6.0            | ^8.0
| 3.1+               | ^4.4 \|\| ^5.0            | ^7.4 \|\| ^8.0
| 3.0                | ^4.4 \|\| ^5.0            | ^7.2

Contributing
------------

Feel free to contribute, like sending [pull requests](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle/pulls) to add features/tests
or [creating issues](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle/issues) :)

Note there are a few helpers to maintain code quality, that you can run using these commands:

```bash
composer cs:dry # Code style check
composer phpstan # Static analysis
vendor/bin/phpunit # Run tests
```

Docs are built using mkdocs. To launch the docs server locally, run `make docs-start` & open http://127.0.0.1:8000/.

History
-------

This bundle is a maintained fork of the SnowcapCore Bundle: https://github.com/snowcap/SnowcapCoreBundle
