docs/index.md, before:

# Introduction

The Leapt Core bundle is a bundle used to help with some repetitive tasks, including (but not limited to):

- [Data lists with search](data_lists.md)
- [File and image uploads](file_uploads.md)
- [Form types](form_types.md)
- [Navigation helper](navigation_helper.md)
- [Paginator](paginator.md)
- [RSS feed generation](rss_feeds.md)
- [SEO-related tasks (sitemaps, etc)](sitemaps.md)
- [Twig extensions](twig_extensions.md)
- [Utilities](utilities.md)
- [Validators: PasswordStrength, Recaptcha, Slug](validators.md)

If you find a bug or want to add a functionality,
[please create an issue or a pull request on Github](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle)!

## Installation

This bundle requires PHP 7.4+.

As the bundle is compatible with Symfony 4 and Symfony Flex, the only thing you have to do
is requiring the package with composer:

```bash
composer require leapt/core-bundle
```

The bundle will automatically be registered in the `bundles.php` file.

## License

leapt/core-bundle is released under the MIT License. See the bundled LICENSE file for details.

## History

This bundle is a fork of the [Snowcap Core bundle](https://github.com/snowcap/SnowcapCoreBundle).

Commit message:

Add docs about Sound/Video types, form layouts, and add a thumbnail of form types

docs/index.md, after:

# Introduction

The Leapt Core bundle is a bundle used to help with some repetitive tasks, including (but not limited to):

- [Data lists with search](data_lists.md)
- [File and image uploads](file_uploads.md)
- [Form types](form_types.md)
- [Navigation helper](navigation_helper.md)
- [Paginator](paginator.md)
- [RSS feed generation](rss_feeds.md)
- [SEO-related tasks (sitemaps, etc)](sitemaps.md)
- [Twig extensions](twig_extensions.md)
- [Utilities](utilities.md)
- [Validators: PasswordStrength, Recaptcha, Slug](validators.md)

![Example of included form types](images/form-types-demo.webp "Example of included form types")  
*Example of included form types*

If you find a bug or want to add a functionality,
[please create an issue or a pull request on Github](https://github.com/leapt/core-bundle)!

## Installation

This bundle requires PHP 8.0+.

As the bundle is compatible with Symfony 5 and Symfony Flex, the only thing you have to do
is requiring the package with composer:

```bash
composer require leapt/core-bundle
```

The bundle will automatically be registered in the `bundles.php` file.

## License

leapt/core-bundle is released under the MIT License. See the bundled LICENSE file for details.

## History

This bundle is a fork of the [Snowcap Core bundle](https://github.com/snowcap/SnowcapCoreBundle).
